Take a look.
As the girlfriend of party A during the term of this agreement, party B shall not engage
in any physical contact or emotional intimacy with any other man, and shall have the responsibility
and obligation to shield party A from unnecessary romantic entanglements.
As compensation upon the expiration of the contract, a villa and two million dollars in
cash will be provided.
Mr. Anderson, with the terms of this contract, you could find anyone, one you.
My grandmother actually likes to trust me if she didn't, she would make that move.
Mr. Anderson, I really appreciate your kindness, but I can't accept something like that.
Before you reject it, you have a problem with Sophia and Mr. Taylor, because if you agree
to be my girlfriend, I can guarantee you that those two will never harass you again.
When I propose two terms, one, no physical contact would benefit both parties, and two,
I have a son and I need help taking care of you.
You have a son?
Yeah, I do.
Were you married?
No, I was never married, but I do have a son.
Is that a problem?
No, he reminds me of Henry when he was a little...
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, where did this kid come from?
I'm here to see my mom, she's here to find daddy.
Well, you can't go through there, but you can sit over here and wait.
JJ?
Mom, they want to let me in to see you.
JJ, what are you doing here?
I came over from Sammy's house because I wanted to be with you.
JJ, I'm working right now.
You need to stay with Sammy until I come pick you up, okay?
No chocolate tonight.
Does that kid look like he's about seven years old?
Is this your son?
Yes, this is my son.
Is this daddy?
No, sweetie, this isn't daddy.
I'm sorry, Mr. Anderson.
No, it's okay.
Hey, JJ.
Don't be sad.
You know, if you're sad, then mommy might be sad, too.
Here, for you, here.
Are there peanuts in this?
I'm sorry, Mr. Anderson.
He's allergic to peanuts.
Oh, he is.
So am I.
How about that?
Okay, I'm going to take you home now, okay?
Daddy isn't joining us for dinner.
He's not daddy, sweetie.
I'm sorry.
And you know that's actually not such a bad idea.
I'm really joining you guys for dinner.
Oh, I'm sorry, Mr. Anderson.
I only have enough for the two of us.
Oh, come on.
Don't worry about that.
You can come cook at my place.
You've got plenty of space and a kitchen full of ingredients.
Hey, Samuel, good to go.
That's really nice of you, but I don't want to be in any trouble.
Nonsense.
You are my girlfriend, after all.
Come on, let's go.
Dinner is served.
I'm here, mama.
You never cook this much for me.
Well, that's a good thing that I'm here.
Here, Mr. Anderson, try this.
How long is it going to take you to adjust to being my girlfriend?
Call me Henry.
I'm Mr. Anderson.
Henry, try this.
Thank you.
You like to separate out your veggies like JJ?
Yeah, I guess we both don't like carrots.
You can remember that for next time.
Right.
Sorry.
Don't need to apologize.
I'm only teasing.
I do love mashed potatoes.
Do you have any food preferences?
Oh, I'm not picky, but I'm not a fan of onions.
I don't remember that.
You know, I don't think that kids should be picky eaters.
Mommy, he's being hypocritical.
It's hypocritical.
But this is delicious.
Emily, thank you so much for preparing me today.
It's nothing.
Really?
Thank you for not firing me today.
Okay.
Take it.
Thank you.
Some of these amazing veggies.
Oh.
Alex, darling, can you hear me in the sunscreen?
It was surprising to see Emily again after all these years.
What?
More like embarrassing.
That girl is a total loser.
She should have never come in and ruin her night like that.
I guess I was just curious what she's been up to for so long.
Did you happen to get her contact info?
Yeah.
What?
No.
Grace to my family.
She did everyone a favor when she disappeared seven years ago, especially for you.
Don't be so harsh on her.
Don't you care?
You were family at one point.
She made my childhood nothing but miserable, okay?
Alex, I don't want to hear about Emily anymore.
I didn't think it was such a big deal, but whatever you say.
Emily, you should have never returned.
Like hell, I didn't get the part.
Don't they know my fiance's Alex Taylor?
He can pull their funding at any time.
Oh, it's you.
What are you doing here?
I work here.
Don't think this is your chance to get close to Alex or anything like that.
Know your place, Emily.
You're just some hotel worker, okay?
Alex barely even remembers you.
We have a celebrity saying with us tonight.
Sophia Walton.
Now these items are to go to her room.
Come on everybody, chop chop.
Here, let me help.
Oh my.
This will send me.
I'll handle it.
I wouldn't want you to over-exert yourself.
Who else is going to pull Mr. Anderson's coffee?
I was just trying to help.
Everybody stop.
There's more to lost something.
No one leaves until we find it.
Come on.
Approach.
Give me the pocket.
Mm-hmm.
What about that?
It's Emily.
She didn't.
No, I didn't steal this.
I didn't take this.
I was framed.
Framed?
Why would anyone frame you?
This is a hotel not the CIA.
I recognize you.
It was you in the bathroom.
You stole my ring.
You set me up.
I didn't take it.
Can't we check the cameras or something?
There's no surveillance in the bathroom.
It was obvious you stole it.
If you have my ring, you should be fired.
Emily, we're going to have to tell Mr. Anderson about this.
I didn't do anything wrong.
Can't we do something about this?
No need to freak out.
Okay?
Just say I'm sorry.
Get on your knees and apologize and I'll forgive you.
I'm not apologizing for something I didn't do.
Just do it.
Let's do it.
Hey.
Don't touch my girlfriend.
Girlfriend.
What's going on here?
She's accusing me of stealing your ring.
Did you?
No, of course not.
If you're kissing her a theft, what's your proof?
She had it on her.
Who else would it be?
So, can you now say that she stole my watch?
Mr. Anderson.
Just a demonstration.
The ring is much smaller than this watch.
And if I was quicker with no surveillance, you would be in the same boat, wouldn't you?
Emily is my girlfriend.
Do you think she would stoop so low as to steal a ring?
Whatever.
Come on, you top top, get back to it.
Thank you.
Mr. Anderson.
There's no need to thank me.
And remember, you can call me Henry.
Henry.
Right.
Sorry.
I forgot.
Is there something between you and Sophia?
No.
Um, probably just a case of not hitting an off.
Emily, I need to emphasize that you are now my girlfriend.
I know.
I'm sorry, Mr.
Henry.
I just, I'm having a stupid day.
You don't need to apologize.
It's sorry the only thing you know how to say.
Oh, Mr. Anderson, I just remembered you have something for Emily, don't you?
You're right.
Thank you.
Samuel.
Oh.
What's this?
This is for you.
Oh, my God.
That's beautiful.
I can't accept that.
It's from the partners.
It's something major.
Isn't this a limited edition of Sawyer?
I mean, with the clarity and refraction of this diamond, it's worth like tens of thousands.
Definitely not nothing major.
So you know a lot about jewelry.
I learned a few things from some colleagues, but I really can't accept this.
I insist.
It's beautiful.
Hey, what's this?
Nothing.
It's who knows what it might mean to me.
I can't let them see.
My son's father gave it to me a while ago.
It's nothing.
Let me see.
No, no.
Emily, come on.
What are you doing?
Just...
Oh.
I should leave.
Yeah.
Mr. Anderson, I finished today's reports.
Mr. Anderson?
Are you okay?
Uh...
Samuel?
What's going on?
Mr. Anderson just lost $100 million.
$100 million?
What are you talking about?
Come here.
Hey.
Hey, Mr. Anderson.
Come here.
I'll take you home.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
All right.
Buddy.
Oh well.
The plan's been into the works for so long.
The balance finally took debate.
Yeah, we're going to rank any bit more.
Not yet.
They're not ready.
What's going on?
I should be asking you that.
You were really drunk last night and I didn't think you were going to make it home so I brought
you back with me.
I see.
Thank you.
Emily.
I'll pay you extra for your troubles.
No, I can't take your money, especially seeing as you don't have much left.
What are you talking about?
Don't try to hide it from me.
Samuel told me everything.
You lost 100 million dollars.
No, I think there's a misunderstanding.
It's okay.
Really.
You can stay with Jack and I until you get back on your feet.
It's really sweet.
But what is all this red for?
Oh, I'm going to the market today to sell some of my baked goods.
I want to help out, you know, financially.
I don't think the...
It's okay.
Money troubles are temporary.
And now that we're a couple, I figured I could help.
Trust me.
Since we're official, then I'll come help.
Fresh pastries, lemonade.
Hey.
Look at all this.
Yeah.
I'm going to try it with you.
Sure.
You made these?
Mm-hmm.
They're amazing.
Thank you.
Oh, hi.
Yeah, same.
Thanks to you.
Emily thinks I'm broke.
So now I am helping her sell pastries on the street.
It's been a lot of the morning.
No need.
Just make sure everybody's aware of the investment mess and things are going to go according
to plan.
Okay, I'll talk to you.
Here, let me help with that.
I am so sorry.
I...
That was totally...
It's okay.
I apologize.
I'm so sorry.
It's okay.
Why don't you help with the lemonade?
That should be easy.
Yeah.
Sure.
Yeah, I can do that.
Just pour a glass.
Right.
Yeah, just pour a couple of glass.
Sure.
Thank you.
I'm so sorry.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Um, here.
I don't even know what happened.
It's fine.
Thank you.
I'm just happy you came.
Of course.
Yeah.
How'd you get to running a stall here?
Mr. Anderson's really in a pickle, huh?
Seems like he got ditched.
And guess what?
The Brown's just scored a major deal.
Looks like they could break in 50 million.
Unlike some folks, you seem to have no shame in making a public spectacle of yourself.
There's nothing wrong with starting from scratch.
Sure.
You keep telling yourself that.
Hey, don't touch it if you're not going to pay for it.
Hey.
Well, Mr. Anderson, don't mess with me.
Losing millions and still thinking that you can cling on to your little CEO position.
I mean, while my father's putting all his cash into his new project and we're expecting
a 50 million dollar return, so play your cards right and maybe, just maybe.
I'll put in a good word for you.
No need.
That kind of money has done even bad nylash.
Big talk.
Yeah, here you are selling dough on the street.
Hey.
I could squash you like a bun.
So don't tell me what to do.
Hey.
You messed up the stand and you pay for it.
It's fine, Henry.
Just let her go.
No.
No, she needs to pay for it.
Pay for this lame ass stand?
Sure.
Just swipe my card.
Go ahead.
I'll pay for everything.
Trust me, it won't even dent.
Okay.
It declined.
What?
Try it again.
It declined again.
You might want to call your bank.
Don't be ridiculous.
You're a stupid machine.
It's busted.
Blend up.
Look at the news.
The Anderson just made 200 million in a new deal.
Your family.
Oh.
It's declared pink.
No.
No, no, no.
That's impossible.
Hello, Daddy.
Mr. Anderson, please don't do this to our family.
That's the price you pay for being too greedy.
Go.
Okay.
So you're not flat out broke.
That's good.
Yeah.
Are you pleased?
Hey.
Let's celebrate.
I know the best.
Oh, Mikasi Fles.
We don't have to go out and splurge.
I can make something at home.
All right.
I need to run to the hotel first, but...
Yes.
I will meet you at home.
Okay.
Can you help?
No.
Thank you.
Sure.
Okay.
I'll see you there.
Hey, Sofia.
I need your help.
Sure.
Try someplace.
Don't you ever get in my way again.
Yeah, you got that.
Stop it.
Shh.
You're just a big mistake.
But...
Do you have any idea who I am?
Does the name Henry Anderson bring any bells?
The police are already on their way.
I suggest the two of you leave Anderson.
We should go.
My goodness.
Are you okay?
You're here.
I'm so sorry.
But it took so long for me to get here.
I'm going to send someone over to help you guys move tomorrow.
Move.
I think it'll be a lot safer for you and JJ if you come and live with me.
We don't know who sent those guys and they could come back.
Anyways.
We're a couple now.
All right.
Let me.
Let me talk to JJ.
Okay.
Dr.
How was my son?
Okay.
So based on the test results, your child's white blood cell count is abnormally low.
Has he had any past illnesses?
When he was three, he had leukemia.
But we found a bone marrow donor and he's been in remission since then.
I see.
Well, he's young.
But his immune system is really weak.
So you should be prepared for potential relapse, maybe even another bone marrow transplant.
Unfortunately, I'm not a match.
Okay.
So we'll need to find a donor as soon as possible.
The kid is in stable condition right now, which is great.
But we should be prepared in case anything changes.
Is there any way you can get in contact with his father?
Yeah.
I can work on that.
Okay.
Great.
Excellent.
Hey, Mom.
What's up?
I'm so excited.
I'm not a Sophia.
Have you thought about it?
I've had you for the wedding.
I guess me and Sophia decided to make it happen.
Just give me one second while I have a word with my fiance.
What did you tell my mom?
Why is she talking about the wedding again?
I might have mentioned something.
You know, we've been gaged for so long.
What do you think is about time?
I can't think about this right now.
We'll discuss it later.
You're still thinking about Emily, aren't you?
You haven't seen her for seven years and she cheated on you.
Why are you still obsessed with her?
Are you crazy?
Why would you even bring that up again?
Well, I guess I can't guarantee that everything's going to go smoothly then.
I guess Emily and her new job at the hotel.
And I would hate for your company not to be able to close its latest deal with the studio
I'm working with.
It would be such a shame for me not to put in a good word with my executive friends while
it takes us one call.
But that's only if we don't get married.
So, what do you say, baby?
I knew you'd come around.
Well, I guess the wedding's happening after all.
Can you do me a favor?
Can you put Emily Wilson on the wedding invitation list, but please don't let Sophia
know about it.
Okay, thanks.
It's odd that Sophia would invite me to her wedding.
Maybe it was Alex.
It could be an opportunity to look for Jack's father.
It's going to be a banquet at my house in a few days.
You're going to be coming as my guest.
Sure.
What are the dates?
The 23rd.
Oh, um, I think I have something that day actually.
What are you hiding from me?
What is this?
My answer's welcome to them.
She invited me.
I think it would be rude not to show up.
But I...
Please leave.
This is a private event and then you need to go.
She's here on my invitation.
Is there a problem?
Emily, I need to talk to you in something.
Um, people are looking for you and your parents are waiting?
Of course.
Find me later.
Come with me.
What are you doing here?
This is my engagement party.
You're coming and making everything about yourself.
I didn't come here to ruin your party, okay?
I came here to find out what happened here seven years ago.
And I think you know what I'm talking about.
Seven years ago, you're talking about your engagement party or that lively night in the
attic you had with your baby daddy.
So you do know.
Who was that man in the attic, Sophia?
Who's the father of my child?
Emily, you messed around with some random guy.
I know you're asking me who it was.
I don't know.
And the fact that you don't even know is honestly sad and pathetic.
Fine.
Then I'll just go ask Alex.
Bitch, you are not seeing Alex use mine.
Hey, can I borrow that camera for a second?
Mr. Taylor.
Here you go.
Thank you.
Where's Emily going?
She's leaving, I guess.
She just came to her senses.
Come out of the blue and blue in my wedding.
You are nothing but a poor, pathetic single mother that leeches off of other people.
Honestly, I'm surprised you even thought you had a chance again.
I stole Alex from you.
I stole my life back from you.
And trust me, I can steal more.
Turn it off.
Listen.
Alex is Emily.
That bitch.
She's trying to set me up and steal you from me.
I was the one who filmed it, Sophia.
What?
Why would you do that?
I did it because now I know that you've been pretending to be sweet and caring to my
face and a completely different person in front of everyone else, especially, I mean, are
you right now?
Not until I figure out who you really are.
The wedding's off.
I saw someone crying alone and I thought I'd come check it out.
No need to worry.
He seems pretty upset seeing Alex get married.
It's not about me.
If you love Alex so much, then why did you agree to the contract?
Henry, are you?